Update _index.md to add disclaimer highlighting OpenAI Subprocessor u… (#23281)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/llm_observability/_index.md

<div class="alert alert-info">LLM Observability is in public beta.</a></div>

> <div class="alert alert-warning">By using LLM Observability, you acknowledge that Datadog is authorized to share your Company's data with OpenAI, L.L.C. for the purpose of providing and improving LLM Observability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">By using LLM Observability, you acknowledge that Datadog is authorized to share your Company's data with OpenAI Global, LLC for the purpose of providing and improving LLM Observability.
```
